Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
// Cafe overloaded methods
I chose to overload the constuctor by making one with only one parameter which is name, and onether one with both name and the address. I chose those two because to me they can define cafe.
//House overloded methods
I have overloaded the constructor and GoToFloor(). For the constructor it was the same intuition as the one for cafe but for the GoToFloor() I wanted to check if it if i am using the constuctor that did not defined that it has an elevator but defines it in the the call of GoToFloor() the both worked which was my test. Also for house, since there are some houses that have elevators and no dinings, or dinning but no elevators, my overloaded constructuctors were there to makesure that every single house can be made as the object easily. 
// Library overloaded methods
The constuctor were simply overloaded to make sure that the library can be created with even minimun information like just the name and the address. Addition to this, the goToFloor constructor was overloaded to make sure that if the constructor called didn't specify that the house has the elevator, through that call you can still move to non adjastant floors.
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
What worked was that I paid attention on the single information that was given in the README file. At first I was trying to overload some methods which realy took me much time to figureout what was the problem until I read that we were allowed to overload the constructors( even though you could overload those ones only). I was stuck but when I started by overloading the constructors it gave me some ideas that I applied to GoToFloor() method which worked. However there are still some methods I was trying to overload like the commented one in Library subclass for available book titles(isAvaillable()) where I wanted to check if multiple titles were available. Since others were like a mess, I chose to delete them and stay with that one that will give me the idea of how I should have delt with it and those that were similar. 
The advice I would love to give anyone who is/will be taking this class, is to find something easier to start with and build more form that--level by level. it helps alot when you are not stack at a point.
